There are hundreds of thousands of craftable potions in Morrowind. Finding the most interesting ones manually is time consuming. This webapp is designed to ease the process of creating potions. It has features for finding 'optimal' potions, emulating the in-game potion menu, and getting information on the location of the individual ingredients. Ingredients from the Tamriel Data mod, for use with Tamriel Rebuilt and Project Tamriel, are also included.
Ingredients have up to four magical effects associated with them. Potions are mixtures of two, three, or four ingredients. If two (or more) ingredients in a potion share the same effects, these effects will be included in the resulting potion. A 'Mortar and Pestle' is required to create potions, and there are a few other tools that can improve the result. Your Alchemy, Intelligence, and Luck attributes also affect the final result.
You can select what effects you want, and a table will list all 'minimal' potions that have those effects. A 'minimal' potion is one where all the ingredients are necessary for the desired effects.\n\nFor example, there are many potions that have the 'Blind' effect (e.g. 'Bristleback Leather', 'Durzog Meat', 'Adamantium Ore', 'Comberry'), but only two ingredients actually have this effect, so there is only one 'minimal' potion for 'Blind'. This is done to reduce the number of potions shown.\n\nPotions with more effects can be built up by adding more effects. The example potion can be found by selecting both 'Blind' and 'Restore Magicka'.\n\nThe ingredient's origin can be filtered. This is for including/excluding ingredients from the Project Tamriel mods, and for 'special' ingredients like cursed ingredients and quest related ones.\n\nThe resulting potions are ordered by positive effects descending and then negative effects ascending. Tick the 'Poison' box to reverse this.\n\n Tick the 'MWSE' box to enable the new spell effects from Morrowind Script Extender.
The potion maker page is simply a copy of the in-game potion making menu. Here, you input your stats, alchemy tools, and ingredients, and it will calculate the magnitude and duration of the effects of the resulting potion.\n\nTick 'Poison' to treat negative effects as positive effects, and vice versa.\n\nTick 'MWSE' to enable the new spell effects from Morrowind Script Extender.
Select an ingredient. The page will list the ingredient's information, and the map will show locations the ingredients can be found, including: NPCs, Creatures, Containers, and Plants.